Hi, people today, I'll talk about the line.
avon candy from these colonies here
and I had bet on facebook
these two the photo of these two
colonies but as I had not yet
Arrived at this one, I decided to wait.
To do is complete and I wanted it too.
get some other perfume so I can
compare to you is the smell of one with
the other one but I only managed to highlight is
so it 's just from here to we had mousse and he
he is saying in the magazine that he is a
floral gurman moral does not excuse fruity
gurman and here in his description is
cool saying what he has is that
is saying that he has cherry and musse
I found this team and a monster here.
much like this from here on the jequiti
that I want me with magic
this one has a better fixation this
here is it is a very very colony
very weak little does not know he is
very sweet comes if a little
sickening when we sneeze both
to compare they are not very
similar but with the evolution of the two
perfumes they look very similar but
very similar indeed is so I found
this one a little lighter than the
other not
and he is well fixing it is not good not
is a colony and the function is not
cool this one is already an oriental fruit
and back here saying that he has notes
citrus fruit
rain and e combines with vanilla is also
This is where the great cake is.
This one too is very very sweet.
but they are not bad do not know them
may and may a little bit but it's like
they are a little lighter than the
normal perfume and ends up being
About five minutes ends up well.
gentle on the skin these colonies and
last is from here that is the beautiful ipop that I
nor to ask this one here because it was
saying that it was a timber and how not
likes woody perfumes or not
ask and arrived at the other two already I
I said I thought it 's not so bad to make a
Review I think I have to have it soon.
The three of them in this one I want to talk about
collection has to talk soon 23 I just
asking for this
and in fact it turned out that I
more like
when we smell that he does not
bottle he does not have you can not
feel his wooden note but when
you sneeze on the skin
Do you feel a slight woodworking does not arrive?
being is a very strong wood not
even because it's a hot line , not everyone
the three of them are very sweet with a good smell of
of candy so bulletins do not know of
the kop key this business knows so
and I do not think he smells like
bullet here is saying back here that they
they are what reminds me of these things
so there is one of them is talking this I know
what spirit
I'm talking I had not lost but
I'm talking about the cake business that
It was what I thought reminds me of cake.
so they 're really sweet all three
does not have any that is like this
little bit pulled by a citrus has no
not
although from here you're saying you have
It's a note so it stays with grapes it does not
becomes a citrus scent neither of
far away are all three very sweet
so I think it's a line for who
really like sweet perfume
I think they come to be even a
child is not that
of fine and sophisticated women is not
12 children's theater images even two
Most silly you know is so I hope so
did you like the review and even the
next video to